JinSoul: Hi~
JinSoul: It's been a while!
JinSoul: You know, it's my turn.
JinSoul: And I'm nervous...
JinSoul: I heard that...
JinSoul: the concept of this filming is...
JinSoul: looking up a bit from
JinSoul: inside of a fish tank
JinSoul: So, I should do like a fish, right?
(Your blue betta is here!!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / JinSoul - Singing in the Rain"
(And other members are watching it)
Choerry: Is she in a fish tank now?
HaSeul: Right~
YeoJin: Oh!?
YeoJin: Is she a mermaid?
YeoJin: Or a submairne?
Choerry: It seems like we should do some rap...
(LOOΠΔ Rap Unit?)
All: Oh yeah, we’ll share a secret tonight
HyunJin: Okay~
All: Spreading in the sounds of rainfall, love song
All: Show me more, your light all right
All: Stay in me, all night
All: Till the last moment, you stay right by my side